# Reflection for fruity ninja

- If I were to ever start a project like this again, I would tell myself to spend less time on the visual aspects like creating the different images and spend more time on the code of the game to ensure that I have enough time to complete as much of the project as I would like.
- I completed almost everything in my needs to have list except for a blade that should show when your mouse is dragged. I tried many different ways to figure this out and yet none of them worked. It was like the draw loop was moving too fast to recognize that this other image should be showed.
- The hardest parts of my project were all the things that I tried to do but failed at. Such as showing the blade, adding splatter and special effects when a fruit is sliced. They were the hardest because I spent so much time on them trying to get them to work, because it would be so cool, but it just felt like time wasted after I realized that I couldn't figure them out and had to give up on them in order to finish other parts of the project.
- There were two problems that I gave up on because I could not solve. Showing the blade, as previously mentionned and explained, and a splatter where the fruit was cut. I figured out the majority of the splatter, the only issue is that I needed to pass in a unchanging X and Y, but because I needed the X and Y from within a class, they were constantly updating and changing. I couldn't find a way to set them and ensure that they wouldn't change so that the splater wouldn't follow the path of the fruit as it flew across the screen.
- One thing that I think is really cool is that I made the game to work on any size screens, and that it would update things based on window width and height in the moment. I have tested it on a phone screen, and for mine it just keeps loading and doesn't show anything but when it is on a computer it seems to work even if the window is as small as it can possibly be.
- 
